How to create this website from scratch again -> http://joshualande.com/jekyll-github-pages-poole
Check Google analytics -> https://holini.com/google-analytics-isnt-working/
Transfer DNS from namecheap to Cloudfare -> http://davidensinger.com/2014/04/transferring-the-dns-from-namecheap-to-cloudflare-for-github-pages/
Add any icon for the website -> https://www.addtoany.com/
Add ERT for posts -> https://excessivelyadequate.com/posts/ert.html
Views Counter for posts -> https://dev-yakuza.posstree.com/en/share/hit-counts/


-> Email subscribe text : Welcome to Wait But Why's email list!

I'm Tim, the guy who writes the posts and draws the 4th-grade-level drawings. Thanks for liking whichever post you just read enough to subscribe to our list.

We're going to use this email list to send you two things: new stuff and old stuff. For new stuff, we'll send you each new post as it comes out. These will almost always come to you on weekdays. For old stuff, I've written about 100 posts so far, and you probably haven't read that many of them—so we went through and picked out our 36 favorites, and we'll send you one of those a week, every Sunday morning (EST).

That's about it. It's a very unannoying, un-promo-y email list.

Also here's another thing and it's important so I'm bolding it: Save us from the icky folders. Without a little help from you, we're probably headed for your spam folder with all the creepy emails or if you have Gmail, your Promotions tab, with all the most annoying emails that no one wants to hang out with. You can save us by adding contact@waitbutwhy.com to your address book. Or in Gmail, just drag any one of our emails from the Promotions tab up into the Primary tab, and when it asks you if you want to do this for future WBW emails, click Yes.

Wait two other bold things:

We don't have ads of any kind so you're our sugar mama. Wait But Why is supported by reader pledges—that's why we can exist. If you like WBW, consider a small monthly pledge on our Patreon page—even $1/month is a huge help. For another way to support the site, check out our store or our PDFs.

Besides the site, there are three other very predictable places you can find us on the internet, where I'm pretty sure we're also unannoying:

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram

Okay and finally—you can reply to any email from us and we'll see it. Feel free to write to us with any thoughts, feedback, suggestions, hatred, etc. anytime by replying directly to any Wait But Why email. We read every email, but because we get a lot of them, we unfortunately can't respond to all of them. For our individual email addresses or more info about contacting us, go here.

Thanks again for subscribing! Of course, you can break up with this list anytime if you decide you're over it—just click the link at the very bottom of any of our emails to remove yourself from the list and hurt our feelings. (Or, if you only want to receive new posts, there's also a link to unsubscribe from just the old posts.)

Enjoy!

Tim

P.S. I want to send you from here into a WBW post, but the problem is that there are a bunch of different kinds of WBW posts, and I don't know what mood you're in. So click on whichever one best matches your current mood:

I’m in an intense, learn-y mood.
 
I’m in a philosophical, self-improving mood.
 
I’m in a giggly mood.
 
I’m in a cry-y mood.
 
I’m in a numbers-y nerdish mood.
 
I’m in an existential crisis-y mood.
 
I’m in a super-into-Elon-Musk mood.
 
I’m in a mood to watch Tim talk about his personal shortcomings on stage.
 
I don’t want to read anything or watch a video but fine I’ll look at an infographic.
 
I’m going on vacation soon and want to put like 40 WBW posts on my e-reader with one click.
 